DB-142 Create an audit parameter to exclude or include certain user g… (#1522)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/12/epas_compat_tools_guide/index.mdx

-   Execute OS commands
-   Record output

> For detailed installation and usage information about EDB\*Plus, see the *EDB\*Plus User's Guide*, available from the EnterpriseDB website at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed installation and usage information about EDB\*Plus, see the [*EDB\*Plus User's Guide*](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/epas/latest/edb_plus/)
```

> [https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/p/edbplus](/epas/latest/edb_plus/)

Reviewer: Remove - this link isn't in the correct format and would result in a 404 error. See earlier comment for the preferred format and correct URL.

Author: Updated the URL's and checked-in, pls verify and merge. Thanks
